License © 2026 Electronacl

This content is licenced under the Electronacl Content Licence V2.0, updated as of 13 February 2026

By "creator", this license refers to the original creator of the content, and "modifier" refers
to any person modifying, remixing, or expanding upon the content. When this license refers to
"you", it means the user.

"content" in terms of this license can refer to music, software, video, images, etc. Therefore,
some statements may only apply to specific forms of content, in which case this will be specified.

When referring to types of content, "media" refers to audio, video, images, and fonts which this
license applies to.

The intention of this license is to provide fair use for any software or music projects I create,
but this license may be used externally, as well as for other types of project. Because of this,
this license generalises a bit and not all parts of this license may be applicable to some types
of content.

SUMMARY:
Licenses are boring and long because of edge cases but here's a basic summary:

Don't use this content in controversial, inappropriate or commercial media, don't use this content to
train AI, you can use this content in social media, credit the original creator, don't claim this
content as your own, and for modifiers and the creator: explain if and how you used AI, and use this
license.

ALSO, most importantly: USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. Whilst I don't want for anyone to have any damage
caused by this content or license, the creator, modifier, and license creator cannot accept
responsibility. This is more because of legal stuff, this license prohibits anything intending to
cause harm.

Anyways here's the boring stuff, I'd recommend reading it if you have the time. Reading licenses may
be boring, but it's really helpful for understanding how you may use the content, and what the content
is able to be or do. I'm not the best at writing licenses, but hopefully this is clear enough:





DISTRIBUTION AND USE:
You may:
- Use this content on social media platforms, such as audio for background music.
You may not:
- Use this content to train any form of Artificial Intelligence
- Use this content for commercial projects such as advertisements
- Use this content for controversial content, content promoting anything, or use in hate speech
- Use this content in NSFW media
- Claim this content as your own, and attribution must be given to the creator
- Take parts of this content to use in similar content unless that content is a modification of
    this content
- Distribute copies of the original content
- Distribute the modified content on other platforms than the platform this content is uploaded on
    unless the platform is explicitly stated by the creator as usable for uploading modified copies

If this content is included with other software, a copy of this license must be included and easy
to access.


LIABILITY:
The creator, of both the license and the content, and any modifiers cannot claim any responsibility over
any damage caused by the content. We (the creators and modifiers) are not able to offer any compensation
or warranty on this content or any damage it may cause.


CREATOR AND MODIFIER REQUIREMENTS:
- You must state if and how you used Artificial Intelligence in this content, and modifications
    of this content. This includes the original content.
- You may not use this license for AI generated content, or modify this content using only AI
- Modifications of this content must be distributed with the same license
- Modifications must give attribution to the creator
- You may not use this license to distribute controversial content
- You may not use this license for any content with the intent to cause harm in any way


TERMINATION OF THE LICENSE:
If you, the creator, and/or the modifier do not meet the conditions determined above, the license will
become null and void.